[Music]
the tesla autopilot does work
reasonably well in china it does not
work quite as well
uh in china as it is in the us because
still most of our engineering
is in the us and so that tends to be the
local loop of optimization
so autopilot tends to work the best in
california because that's where the
engineers are
um and then once it once it works in
california then
we then extend it to the rest of the
world let me say
warren buffett for example and we're
telling frank i'm not his biggest fan
but
uh you know he he does a lot of capital
allocation
um and he reads a lot of sort of annual
reports of companies and
we'll be counting and it's pretty boring
really
and he's trying to figure out is does
coke or pepsi deserve more capital i
mean that's
i mean it's kind of a boring job if you
ask me um
uh you know it's still a thing that's
important to figure out like which
is a company deserving of more or less
capital should that company grow or
expand
is it making products and services that
are better than
others or worse and you know should
you know if a company is making
compelling products and services it
should get more capital and
if it's not it should get less we'll go
out of business
well i think it has room for improvement
now he he uh and he would say the same
thing you know i mean
uh it's just
some people have a talent for
interesting quotes and others others
have a little bit more of a blocker up
there that says this can
be in the problem and but he's he's a
remarkable guy
but uh i don't see
i just don't see the necessity to
communicate
i've never i think i've got seven tweets
because a
friend of mine signed me up for it